Hahahaha
Break up, I'll let a thousand golden people enter the city
Just kill the prince
The third prince can rise to the throne
What the princess said is
As soon as the prince dies
Everything fell into the hands of the third prince
Hahahahaha
The last time I tied my wrists to reduce inflammation, Suo Mang left
Failed to enter
He killed my brother
So enough children to give it to me
As long as the leftover women are willing to take action
You can take out the corpse of that trash prince at will
Hahahaha
Fangfei Hot Summer
Give me the elite of the thousand armies
I'll kill that trash
Report for a break today and rush away
If the third prince can ascend to the throne
You two should be guarding the palace
Quick fight haha
Thank you, Princess Summer
An army of warriors will nourish his blood and let you take action
I kill waste and take it from a bag
Princess Summer
Wait for my good news.
Can't cure the prince
I have to die
Consumer forgiveness
I really can't find the reason for the prince's wedding
There's nothing I can do.
Get out of here
The prince is really out of school
You can cure Concubine Xiao's plums in three days.
Even a real doctor can't help it.
It seems that there is really going to be a big mess in this palace